Allow deployment of all BAP services in a single VM (#96)
bitergia-analytics/bap-deployment-toolkit: docs/deployment_and_config.md

Once the infrastructure has been created, it's time to deploy and configure
BAP with Ansible. The toolkit provides a set of playbooks and roles that
will do this job.

> If you want deploy all BAP services in one VM, in the section **4. Deploy the platform** you have to run [all_in_one.yml](/docs/deployment_and_config.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-optional) playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy all BAP services in one VM, in the section **4. Deploy the platform**,
you will have to run [all_in_one.yml](/docs/deployment_and_config.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-optional) playbook.
```

ansible-playbook -i environments/<environment>/inventory/ playbooks/all.yml
```

### Deploy all BAP services in a single VM (Optional)

> Instead of run `all.yml` playbook you should run `all_in_one.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `all_in_one.yml` instead of running `all.yml` playbook.
```
